# Rocket-engine-thrust-chamber-simulation

Rocket engine can be classify into solid and liquid, while liquid rockegt engine is a systemicaically integrated component,that include the turbopump, thrust chamber, and non longed tubes and valves for the cyrogenic propellent delivery. Each of them are non seperable with the well known operation for the whole engine, while the thrust chamber takes the most essential.

At the beginning of my year 3 study, I was introduced to the start up team in my department, who aims to develop the medile-small size rocket that providing launching service for majorly universities and research institudes. At the time i met them, they start just developing their prototype of the electric pump liquid rocket engine. Before formally begine the development on the next stage of the staged combustion cycle rocket engine with the team, preparation is mandotoary. Therefore, I begin my preparation through soliding my understanding, skills (CFD, CAD, MATLAB,CEA etc) from that time. Additionally, I would like to share what have I done for the simulation with everyone who discover my pages. 

The modelue applies the systematic approach from the fundamental aspect, that can be calculated from the simplified theortical equation (e.g. directly compute the thrust equation, isentropic relation ,etc) additionally, the situation shifts to the reality step by step which gradualy increase the complexity of the simulation. you may directly goes to the last module if you just would like to use it. However, if you would like to understand how do the final module is iterated, I would suggest you not to skipping the previous modules. The scope of simulation focus on the thrust chamber, with a simulated mission goal. the final standard of the result is it wont explode in simulation. Therefore, you will see that there are serveral modules starting from the mission requirement, until the structure.

